# CS330
Computational Graphics and Visualization

1) The projects and lessons within this course have dramatically reshaped my thought process regarding the design of software applications. Before understanding how applications visual render everything we see on our screens, I would only consider the logic and resource requirements of an application. As I work towards a future career in computer science, the skills gained within this class will prove valuable. These skills include understanding the rendering pipeline within OpenGL and the different data requirements to output graphics to a display. However, more than anything, this class has given me newfound insight on the logical flow of information throughout a program. By changing the order in which data is sent to the program, you can create enormous changes in the output and this class requires that I consider this flow of data at all times.

2) After completion of this class, my approach to developing programs has been altered in some ways. While I have always considered the modularity and portability of my code, the projects in this class have greatly increased my understanding in how to apply these practices. For example, in the final project I was able to use multiple instances of the same shape to draw different objects. This can greatly save computational resources and make the code much more efficient. 

3) Computer science will help me reach my goals, both professional and personal, in many ways and this course has provided great lessons to apply to future endeavors. A large benefit of understanding the rendering pipeline comes from the different methods to output graphics to a display. The projects and assignments over the past 8 weeks have expanded my toolset when it comes to creating logic structures and the practice in OpenGL expands my ability to create visual presentations of data. Many applications are used by individuals who are less tech-savvy and presenting the required information to these users requires that an application be easy to understand. Visual examples and presentations are a great way to make this data more accessible to the masses, a skill which is invaluable as a computer scientist.
